How to Find Blogs

These days, there are blogs for just about every topic under the sun. Whether you want political news, woodworking ideas, or makeup tips, you can find a knowledgeable blogger who has plenty of information to share. But with so many blogs out there, it can be tough to wade through all the options to find the ones that match your interests. However, you can narrow down the field by using search engines, blog directories, and social media to track down interesting blogs that suit your interests.

h2
Things You Should Know

* You can find specific blogs using a basic internet search.
* Search by topic in directories to find popular blogs.
* Scan social media to find new content, or reach out online for recommendations.

image1.jpg

para
Entering a search term and adding “blog” will give you tons of results. The easiest way to find blogs that interest you is through your favorite search engine. Include a keyword or two based on the topic you’re interested in and tack on the word “blog” at the end of it. For example, if you’re interested in blogs about baseball, you might search for “baseball statistics blog.


* Use modifiers like “best,” “top,” or “new” to find fresh or popular blogs in a 
given subject. For example, you search for something like, “best cinema blog,” or, 
“new interior design blog.”

* You can always group your search terms together if you want to find something specific. 
Use quotation marks to only pull up results with words that appear in that order. 
For example, “top “Chicago street art” blog” will only pull up results that specifically 
mention the phrase “Chicago street art.”

image2.jpg

Use the search function on blog sites to find what you're looking for. 
Alternatively, you can use a standard search engine and simply add the 
hosting site in quotation marks at the end of your search term to pull 
up results for whatever you’re searching for.


* Wordpress is arguably the most popular blogging platform. If you’re looking for individual 
blogs, Wordpress will have tons of results for you.

* Medium is a publishing platform that anyone can use, although it tends to be more 
popular among professionals and full-time writers. If you’re looking for in-depth content, 
this is a great site to dig through.

* Tumblr is technically a social media site, but it’s extremely popular among bloggers. 
If you’re a fan of any popular public figures, they may have a blog on Tumblr.

* Content hosting sites like Huffington Post, Buzzfeed, Engadget, and Gizmodo technically 
qualify as blogs and they all offer a ton of content.

editor.js